NINJA NETWORK NEWS Ninja Network News!
Good evening, I am Mabui of the Cloud.
I'm Shikaku Nara.
Today, we'll be bringing you the latest news
from various battlefronts via satellite.
Before that, here are some highlights
from battles that continue to rage on the frontlines.
On the desert front, the standoff continues
between Gaara's Fourth Company and the previous Kage.
On the coastal front,
Darui and his First Company sustained heavy losses
when the enemy summoned a giant humanoid.
However, they succeeded in eliminating most of the enemy force.
The Third Company under Kakashi are sealing away
the Ninja Swordsmen one after another.
The company has been split up into smaller units
and expanded the area of fierce fighting,
in order to take down remaining enemies.
Mifune's Fifth Company have joined up with the Commando Unit.
Deidara's escape was unexpected,
but they were successful in recapturing him.
Next up, we have news about White Zetsu.
His jutsu with which he mimics not only appearances, but even chakra,
has created chaos within the Allied Force…
However, thanks to the fine observations
of Sakura Haruno of the Medical Unit,
our genius strategist, Shikaku, has been able
to draw up a counter strategy.
I'm refining the strategy right now, so please be patient just a bit longer.
At the front, Sakura has just begun a news conference
in order to get data out about White Zetsu.
I understand you received a love letter,
but rejected it immediately. Is this true?
Err…N-No, that's…
That hasn't been the only declaration of love you've received, has it?
U-Um… Please…
You supposedly said that you're already in love…
– Who is this person?! – Please tell us!
That has nothing to do with this news conference!! Cha!
Whoa… The "Kosuke Kills" corner was scheduled in this time slot…
but we just received an update.
According to this bulletin,
the key figures of the Fourth Great Ninja World War,
Killer Bee the Eight Tails and Naruto the Nine Tails,
have persuaded Lady Tsunade and Lord Raikage…
and at long last, they are heading towards the battlefield.
I'm amazed that they were able to convince those two.
Looks like we have a satellite link with the duo.
Let's ask them if they're excited about joining the war effort.
Naruto… Naruto?
Was the link broken?
Is the equipment malfunctioning?
I'm not sure…
Okay, it seems we're connected now.
All right, let's try again. Naruto!
So do I talk into this as I'm running?
Stay put, so the camera can focus.
And I'll plant a kiss on you like this.
Hey! Get out of my way!
What are those two doing?!
We're still on the air…
Naruto Enters the Battle
If Kisame's intel is correct, Naruto now has the same ability,
just like Mito Uzumaki, the wife of the First Hokage,
to sense the enemy.
Naruto will have no choice.
He'll have to battle with White Zetsu.
It's all going according to plan…
Today, the Senju's Will of Fire shall be extinguished.
The two Kage who block their path and refuse to let them go are…
Lord Raikage and Lady Tsunade.
Demanding that they get out of the way,
Naruto makes his approach.
The indomitable Bee is quick to react and jumps in to assist.
Shockingly, Lady Tsunade steps aside to let them pass,
inciting Lord Raikage to roar his dissent.
But the sun inside Naruto softens his heart…
The light of brotherly love and parental love burns so bright,
it makes him squint.
And so, he relents and lets them go.
In an intense, touching moment between men…
Lady Tsunade and Lord Raikage let Naruto have his way.
Oh sorry… Lady Tsunade isn't a man.
This is momentous.
To think that Lord Raikage could be persuaded…
I'm not that surprised.
There's something about Naruto
that makes the impossible seem possible.
But…this could be just what the enemy is hoping for.
Consider White Zetsu's Transformation Jutsu.
It's as though it's used specifically to lure Naruto out.
It definitely could be a trap.
However, we have no choice, but to leave this in Naruto's hands.
No one is allowed near Lady Shizune's tent!
Anyone making a move will be considered an enemy!
So, just stay put!
Don't move! You must not move!
Sakura, take a look at this genetic sequence data!
It's finally done?!
It has changed and become even more like Captain Yamato's
than it was at the Five Kage Summit!
In other words,
there's very little difference from the First Hokage's genetic data.
So it was true.
What are you saying?!
What's this about the white guy and the First Hokage?
Namely, this white guy is a clone of the First Hokage.
Or rather, judging from how many there are,
the First Hokage's cells were cultivated and
using mobile plants as a medium, clones that can move were created.
They are diluted in strength, but they still use the Wood Style.
Huh?! I still don't get it…
I don't get it,
but I'm supposed to guard you against plants. Right?
Well then, how about using termites?
Looking at this data, I'm sure Captain Yamato
is being used to make these clones stronger.
I'll notify HQ immediately!
I'm back!
I got word that those white beings are transforming,
and are causing havoc on the battlefield.
Perhaps it's too much of a coincidence,
but letting Naruto go couldn't have been timed better.
I agree.
Sorry to interrupt,
but we just got a report from the Medical Team.
It's data about those white beings.
Give it to me!
Who would have thought that Madara and Orochimaru's fixation
on the First Hokage would create this?
Botanical Ninja created from Grandfather's body.
This is proof that
Madara has possession of the First Hokage's cells!
He's cultivated them
and developed a way to replicate them.
Including his own body.
No wonder he's been able to live this long.
Well? Do we have an idea of how to destroy him?
No… Just the opposite…
Now, we don't even know what will kill him.
It seems Madara is really…immortal!
An immortal leader and his mobile plants…
Reanimation zombies…
Not a normal human among them.
Notify Naruto and Bee immediately
about the White Beings' Transformation Technique!
Naruto, please listen carefully. You too, Lord Bee.
I am transmitting this message directly into your minds.
Let me explain the enemy's battle jutsu and their objective.
Pay close attention.
That explains all the weird, fuzzy sensations I've been having.
I guess I have no choice, but to step up.
Yeah!
But remember, I mentioned that Madara's Project Tsuki no Me
won't work without your Tailed Beasts…
That means you two are his targets.
I know that!
As if I'd sit still and let them capture me!
Then this time,
don't even think about negotiating with him, Naruto.
Madara is different from Pain and Nagato.
He has no interest in peace.
He's a truly evil man who covets the entire world.
Controlling people requires the skill to manipulate
the darkness in their souls.
Although, Nagato just happened to be easily influenced.
Don't compare yourself with Nagato!
His ways were different, but he truly wished for peace!
But you're different!
You're right.
The appearance of an Uchiha… gathering Tailed Beasts…
Just what is your goal?
What do you hope to accomplish?
Let's see… If anything, it's to become complete.
And with Project Tsuki no Me,
he'll be able to completely control humans through genjutsu…
That's about it. So don't let down your guard!
I once talked to Madara in the Land of Iron.
He told me about the Uchiha Clan's destiny.
He knows all about hatred, and took advantage of Nagato.
He's the one fueling Sasuke's hatred too.
I know how evil he is.
He doesn't act out of hatred. He simply exploits hatred.
He's unlike any other foe you've faced, so be careful!
In any case, I'm going to pulverize Madara
and bring this war to an end!
Only then can we talk.
I don't know about Kabuto,
but Madara is supposedly immortal.
Furthermore, those mobile plants that were restructured
with the First Hokage's cells…
You know, those otherworldly zombies…
Nothing works against them except by sealing.
Talk about an undead army.
Beware of them too!
That's the only piece of good news.
I don't have to worry about holding back!
That's…
It's chaos out there in the battlefield!
We've got to get back and shore up HQ's defense!
Rasengan!
Naruto?!
Leave it all to Naruto here.
Those he gives his stamp of approval. Are the only ones I'll give an ear.
They're all enemies!
Let's do this, Octopops!
Rasenrangan!
Rasenkyugan!
Naruto's attack is affecting the Wood Style,
and turning them back into wood?
It's just like before…
This way, we won't be so vulnerable to the effects of his attack.
Mini-Rasen Shuriken…
Summoning, Mayhem Jutsu!
All right!
Yay!
The fruits of training. Thanks to my mentoring.
Yay…
I'll leave my Shadow Clones and Mr. Gamahiro
to keep an eye here.
Let's go!
I'm gonna hit all the battlefields at the same time!
Multi Shadow Clone Jutsu!
It's no good. He caught up to us!
H-He's…?!
He's a Cloud Ninja with a Kekkei Genkai!
Magnet Style Toroi!
The Hidden Cloud has a Magnet Style user too?
When he attacks, you must always…
You Idiot! I said you always have to dodge it!
Huh? You didn't say that!
I didn't have time to finish my sentence!
His Magnet Style magnetizes any object that he touches.
And subsequently, anything those things touch becomes magnetized…
although the effect is not as strong.
You are the first transfer point to have touched the shuriken,
so the magnetic power in your body is…
Huh? What exactly do you mean?
Right now, your body is infused with magnetic power
since his shuriken is magnetic.
Which means, your body and his shuriken
are going to be drawn to each other.
Which means, in his second attack,
you won't be able to dodge it!
That means I'm gonna die!
I'm gonna die!
Rasengan!
Are you guys okay?
What is all this ruckus?
Lord Bee! What are you doing here?
Are you okay?
You shouldn't be here!
Those white beings are disguising themselves as our comrades.
I know that.
So this is one of the zombies
controlled by the Reanimation Jutsu…
Looks like sealing them like this
is the only way to stop them.
We were rushing back to Headquarters with Eff
to tighten the security there, but got separated…
Eff was actually a white guy.
Huh?!
Things here have gone awry.
Octopops, we have to catch up with everyone else.
Yeah!
If Eff and the others were imposters…
– You… – You…
No, both of us were almost killed by the enemy.
So we're okay.
Y-You're right.
Gotcha!
Are you trying to kill me?!
It's your fault for joking around at a time like this!
We can't retreat any further.
We'll have to make our stand here!
I agree.
First, the two of us will launch long-range offensives.
We'll see how the enemy responds!
They were slowly retreating,
but it seems they've made up their minds.
Fighting those from other villages is understandable.
But we are forced to bring ourselves
to take on shinobi from our homelands.
Damn that brat Orochimaru for controlling us!
He will regret this!
I never saw eye to eye with you before,
but for the first time, I agree with you.
Do not lament.
I'm certain our children have grown and surpassed us.
I hope you are right…
Here they come.
First, two of them.
Look at those amazing waves of sand!
This is Shukaku… The power of the One Tail…
So they're starting off with the Playing Possum Jutsu?
Gold Dust?
I see…
You were the shinobi who manipulated Gold Dust
with the Magnet Style…
It stopped.
Gold Dust is heavier than sand…
If I mix Gold Dust into the sand, I can slow it down.
I'm impressed that you knew how to counter it.
When Shukaku the One Tail would go on a rampage,
I'd stop his sand like this.
It's not Shukaku…but Gaara?!
From above…
You've aged, Ohnoki!
Do you owe your long life to the Particle Style?
– Particle Style! – Particle Style!
– Atomic Dismantling Jutsu! – Atomic Dismantling Jutsu!
My predecessor's Particle Style… is as powerful as ever.
The sand is even more powerful than before…
Wait for the signal.
Particle Style…
Don't tell me that's your former pupil, the brat Ohnoki?
Now I really feel like I traveled through time!
It's been a while…Father.
Gaara… Where's Shukaku?
He's long gone.
I am no longer the Jinchuriki that you created, Father.
I am Kazekage now.
It is a leader's duty to eliminate threats against one's village.
We must protect it.
This Reanimation Jutsu may have some merit, after all…
Let me see what you may be worth!
Can you defeat me?
Next time on Naruto Shippuden: "A Father's Hope, A Mother's Love"
A FATHER'S HOPE, A MOTHER'S LOVE Karura, you…
A FATHER'S HOPE, A MOTHER'S LOVE
Tune in again!